Is a blend of/

Arabica/Арабіка

Ethiopia/Ефіопія Сідамо

ARABICA ETHIOPIA/АРАБІКА ЕФІОПІЯ СІДАМО
Ethiopia Sidamo taste is characterized by a delicate acidity and a slightly more intense bitterness, lots of sweet tinctures and a very low salinity. In the aroma of coffee experts allocate bergamot notes, apricot and bilberry tones as well as the tinctures of vanilla and cocoa. Ethiopia Sidamo aftertaste is characterized by the tinctures of aromas of toasted bread, caramel, rose and fresh creams. The drink is thick, with a long aftertaste. The aroma is delicate, brightly distinct, with a fruit tincture. It belongs to soft coffee varieties. The experts distinguish in Ethiopia Sidamo a special wine taste with a fruity tincture, more distinct and saturated in comparison with other Ethiopian varieties./
Смак Ефіопія Сідамо характеризується делікатною кислинкою та трохи більш інтенсивною гіркуватістю, безліччю солодких відтінків і дуже низькою солоністю. В ароматі кави експерти виділяють ноти бергамоту, абрикосові та чорничні тони, а також відтінки ванілі і какао. Для післясмаку Ефіопія Сідамо характерні відтінки ароматів підсмаженого хліба, карамелі, троянди і свіжих вершків. Настій густий, з довгим післясмаком. Аромат тонкий, яскраво виражений, з фруктовим відтінком. Відноситься до м'яких сортів кави. Знавці розрізняють в Ефіопія Сідамо особливий винний смак з фруктовим відтінком, більш виражений і насичений, в порівнянні з іншими ефіопськими сортами.


Arabica/Арабіка

Colombia Supremo/Колумбія Супремо

ARABICA COLOMBIA SUPREMO/АРАБІКА КОЛУМБІЯ СУПРЕМО
Is coffee of the highest quality. It is characterized by a full and rich taste and aftertaste difficult to forget. Colombia Supremo gives a wonderful velvety taste, slightly sweet with a slight pleasant sourness of a fruit wine. Undoubtedly, this is coffee of the highest order. It will win your heart at once by a rich and colourful bouquet of flavouring tinctures. This is a delicate drink for real gourmets./
Кава найвищої якості. Їй притаманні повний та багатий смак і післясмак, який важко забути. Колумбія Супремо дарує прекрасний оксамитовий смак, трішки солодкуватий з невеликою приємною кислинкою фруктового вина. Безсумнівно, кава найвищої проби. Вона одразу підкорить Ваше серце багатим та яскравим букетом смакових відтінків. Тонкий напій для справжніх гурманів.


Robusta/Робуста

India/Індія
ROBUSTA INDIA/РОБУСТА ІНДІЯ
Included in the blend of TМ «DÉLLAVIE» ORIGINAL - this wonderful variety of Indian coffee has a pleasant chocolate flavour with notes of wine and it gives bitter, highly saturated drink with a high caffeine content. The aftertaste is bright, very long. It is often used to make mixtures./

Що входить в купаж ТМ «Déllavie» Original - цей чудовий сорт індійської кави має приємний шоколадний аромат з винними тонами та дає гіркуватий, сильно насичений настій, з підвищеним вмістом кофеїну. Післясмак яскравий, дуже довгий. Найчастіше використовується для приготування сумішей.



