Is a blend of/Це суміш з

Arabica/Арабіка

Ethiopia/Ефіопія Сідамо

ARABICA ETHIOPIA/АРАБІКА ЕФІОПІЯ СІДАМО
Ethiopia Sidamo taste is characterized by a delicate acidity and a slightly more intense bitterness, lots of sweet tinctures and a very low salinity. In the aroma of coffee experts allocate bergamot notes, apricot and bilberry tones as well as the tinctures of vanilla and cocoa. Ethiopia Sidamo aftertaste is characterized by the tinctures of aromas of toasted bread, caramel, rose and fresh creams. The drink is thick, with a long aftertaste. The aroma is delicate, brightly distinct, with a fruit tincture. It belongs to soft coffee varieties. The experts distinguish in Ethiopia Sidamo a special wine taste with a fruity tincture, more distinct and saturated in comparison with other Ethiopian varieties./
Смак Ефіопія Сідамо характеризується делікатною кислинкою та трохи більш інтенсивною гіркуватістю, безліччю солодких відтінків і дуже низькою солоністю. В ароматі кави експерти виділяють ноти бергамоту, абрикосові та чорничні тони, а також відтінки ванілі і какао. Для післясмаку Ефіопія Сідамо характерні відтінки ароматів підсмаженого хліба, карамелі, троянди і свіжих вершків. Настій густий, з довгим післясмаком. Аромат тонкий, яскраво виражений, з фруктовим відтінком. Відноситься до м'яких сортів кави. Знавці розрізняють в Ефіопія Сідамо особливий винний смак з фруктовим відтінком, більш виражений і насичений, в порівнянні з іншими ефіопськими сортами.



Arabica/Арабіка

Brazil/Бразилія Сантос

ARABICA BRAZIL SANTOS/АРАБІКА БРАЗИЛІЯ САНТОС
Is the most famous Brazilian Arabica variety. The taste is rich, moderately acerb, with sweet notes and tinctures of dried spices. The aroma is delicate, balanced. The drink gained from this coffee variety has a mild, pleasant flavour. Santos gives a rich aroma and a moderate acidity to the drink. Brazil Santos differs by its particular softness, by the character having no extraneous tinctures. There is a balance of sourness and bitterness. This variety is known by a standard size of coffee beans and it is a global coffee quality standard./
Це найвідоміший сорт бразильської арабіки. Смак насичений, помірно-кислий, з солодкими нотками і відтінками сухих спецій. Аромат тонкий, збалансований. Напій, отриманий з цього сорту, має м'який, приємний смак. Сантос придає напою насичений аромат і помірну кислотність. Бразилія Сантос відрізняється особливою м'якістю, характером, що не має ніяких сторонніх відтінків. Відзначається баланс кислинки і гірчинки. Цей сорт відомий стандартним розміром кавових зерен і є світовим еталоном якості кави.


Arabica/Арабіка

Guatemala/Гватемала

ARABICA GUATEMALA/АРАБІКА ГВАТЕМАЛА
Has a clearly visible citrus sourness, a medium and thick texture, a good balance, chocolate and spicy notes. The aroma of this coffee can be described as acerb and sweet, floral. The taste is bright, intense, and swift, with a slight noble bitterness. In Guatemala coffee is grown on the slopes of volcanic mountains where the nature created almost ideal conditions for receiving Arabica beans of high quality. The best varieties of Guatemalan coffee possess a brightly distinct spicy, chocolate or "smoky" flavour due to a volcanic soil where coffee trees grow. Many gourmets consider this coffee one of their favourite varieties./
Добре помітна цитрусова кислинка, середня і густа консистенція, хороша збалансованість, шоколадні та пряні нотки. Аромат цієї кави можна охарактеризувати як кисло-солодкий, квітковий. Смак яскравий, насичений, стрімкий, з ледь відчутною благородною гіркуватістю. Каву в Гватемалі вирощують на схилах вулканічних гір, де природою створені майже ідеальні умови для отримання висококласних зерен арабіки. Кращим сортам Гватемальської кави притаманний яскраво виражений пряний, шоколадний або "димний" аромат - наслідок вулканічного ґрунту, на якому ростуть кавові дерева. Багато гурманів називають цю каву як одну з своїх улюблених сортів.
